(Go Won's LOOΠΔ TV STARTS!)
Go Won: I wish I can do it well today!
Yves: I think you can do it well!
(Go Won had black hair on the first day of photo shooting!)
Chuu : Ah, gorgeous!!
(Cute girl's cute reaction!)
(But she deserves that praises. Because the eleventh girl is pretty even in person!)
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ / Go Won - One&Only"
Yves : Looks like fashion photography!
Chuu: Fashion photography!
Chuu : Beautiful~
Chuu : I bet you will come out nicely on camera!
Yves : Her eyes are so beautiful~
Chuu: Looks like a rabbit~
Yves : I like that kind of eyes.
Chuu : You mean me?
Yves : What?
(Yves & Chuu are teaching her how to pose in front of a camera!)
Yves : Just don't do like this!
Go Won : Honestly, I don't know how to pose...
Go Won : So... it was little tough for me to do.
Go Won : However, it was very interesting!